this is our blood it transport oxygen
nutrients and waste all throughout the
body when we get sick we depend on
leukocytes that can be found circulating
throughout the blood so where does the
cellular components of the body come
from it all starts here in the bone
after we are born blood cells are
produced in the bone marrow a process
called hematopoiesis we will now go
through the hematopoietic hierarchy it
begins in the pluripotent hematopoietic
stem cell the mattify otic stem cell can
differentiate into three main cellular
types here we have the common lymphoid
Nader the common myeloid frog Nader and
the common Erie Floyd megakaryocytes
auditer progenitor cells it should be
where we get it with a common list or
table here it can differentiate into the
natural killer cell or a t-cell a b-cell
or plasma cell
the common myeloid Prague nadir can
differentiate into the common
granulocyte precursor which becomes the
neutrophil Issa know fill or basal fill
and we have an unknown precursor that
becomes the monocyte which is
differentiate into the dendritic cells
macrophage or the mast cell now we have
the common urethra megakaryocytes they
differentiate into the megakaryocytes or
the reasonable assed platelets or they
arethe recite these are all the common
cells that the human body requires to
maintain homeostasis we use our blood
cells and we use the lymphocytes and the
lukio sites as a way to fight off
pathogens also known as antigens without
these cellular components our body would
be unable to sustain a healthy life
thank you everyone
Omar Ballard
you